Chapter 1

They'll never believe me. 

How could anyone believe what happened? I barely believe it myself. My mind reeled from the dream-like experience as I sat awake in bed. Was it just a dream? The dry night air whistled through the opening in the bedroom wall. Stuck to my sweat covered body, I peeled the sheets slowly off as my mind struggled to reconcile the dark room with the bright light it had just seen.

The light. Brighter than staring into the sun at midday yet my eyees didn't strain even without a single blink. I was transfixed. Feeling drawn to it in the most wonderous way. It filled my body with the sensation of a sleeping limb. Thousands of needles gently poked every inch of my skin. I brought my hand up to within an inch of my face and yet, somehow, it disappeared into the light. That's when I heard it,

"Follow what I say, and you will be fulfilled."

The voice boomed like a thunderous night, penetrating my bones, yet soft as a whisper; like it came from my mind. It continued,

"You must find the true believers. You will know them and they will know you even if a word is never spoken between you. Before this legion of converted followers can be created you must discover the message yourself. Your path will become clear to you when you are ready. Emboldened with this gift they will follow you into the new world, Garrett."

Before I could get out a single word, I was alone in the darkness of my room. It took me a moment to realize I was in my own bed. "That's impossible" I thought. There was nothing about what had happened that felt like a dream, yet all the signs were pointing to it being one. I wasn't like I was startled awake or woke up in a panic. It was as though I'd been awake the whole time. Now drenched in sweat, and struggling to come to terms with what happened, I looked over at Samantha who was clearly unaware of what was going on.

I rolled over and shook her awake.

"You don't need be so aggresive. I'm here, I'm always here" Her voice was as soft as her skin. The years of hard labor keeping the farm house up and running hadn't aged her at all. She looked at me and Her eyes could steady a raging bull, but not with a fear inducing glare, but an overwhelming sense of empathy. The way she stared, deeply observing, but not judging, made it impossible to look away. She was always my rock. When we moved from the city, started the farm, lost the only child we ever tried to conceive, and when my world imploded because of it, Samantha was there, cautiously probing and proding me back into the land of the living.

"This is going to sound crazy- "
"Nothing new," she mused
"But--" a smile grew out of the corner of my mouth as a lifetime's worth of discussing outlandish ideas flooded my memory when the loving jab finally landed.
"But, it really happend Sam. I need to write it down."
"What happened?"
"Something incredible. Something I can't really explain." As my voice trailed off, I wasn't looking at her anymore, but I could feel her confused stare on the back of my neck as I left the bed and walked towards the desk. 

The farm house was lit only by the stars. It wasn't a big place and a bright moon in a clear sky made most things visible at night. We moved out here to get away from the city and the problems that surrounded us there. We'd never forget the loss of our child, but staying was never an option. When we left, we didn't know where we'd settle down. With nothing more than some rations and a few tools, we began our journey to find a new home. 

When we found this plot of land, high above the city, we fell in love with the view. To the west was the water. The uninterrupted horizon captivated our imagination of a new life, while to the east, we could see Cathornic, our old life. Our problems. Balanced right in the middle, and above it all, was where we found our new home.

As I fumbled in the darkness I wondered why things were so dim. Samantha usually left a torch lit. The wind must have blown it out. That usually doesn't happen unless there's a storm, but there was no smell of fresh rain or the muggy feeling that often remained after the world had been blanketed with water. It's a shame it wasn't a storm. The water tanks were getting low and the crops were thirsty.

My steps were cautious as my eyes adjusted to the starlit night. With my hands outstretched, I eventually felt the cool wooden desk even before I could see it. Fumbling, I found the chair and quietly slide into the seat. "Shhhh," I whispered to the chair as it let out what felt like a deafening creak in the quiet of the room. Turning back to the bad, I didn't see any movement and with a gentl sigh, I began rummaging through the desk for the quill and something to write on. As I felt clumsily around, my eyes adjusted and the soft lines of an out of focus room took shape. 

The only thing in the drawer was our handwritten will, which hadn't been revised in years, even though it really needed to be. The back was empty. We didn't really own a lot of things worth passing on. I loaded the quill with ink and stared at the blank page. A feeling of being on the precipce of something great stayed my hand from marking the page, like how I imagined a writer felt before the first words of his opus. I took a deep breath and, softly repeating the words I had heard,  wrote down the message.

Setting the quill down I lifted up the page, ink still wet, the words, "Discover the message", glowed even though the bedroom was only lit by the stars. I had no idea where to start, but the adrenaline flowing through my body made it impossible to go back to bed. I gazed out the window above the desk into the darkness outside. The dim lights of the city were visible tonight. We were lucky to have a piece of land on top of the hillside. The views were breathtaking and on a clear night, like tonight, you could see for miles. The sun wouldn't be up for at least a few hours and the walk into town would take two or three days, but this couldn't wait. I grabbed the few pieces of silver we'd been saving for a new stallion from the desk drawer along with the will, now more precious in life than death. I rolled the will into a tight roll and secured it to my belt with a little bit of twine. This paper would never leave my side until I was certain my job was done. 

I was certain I would never return here again. I looked back down the driveway, took a mental picture, and said a quiet goodbye. The life I had built was a life to be proud of. It was a life people would be content living. I was content. But content wasn't fulfilled and I had a path to follow.

